# Glossary of the Internet banking system:
* Bank Customer: A person to be known as a customer of the bank there must be either a current account or any sort of deposit account or any sort of deposit account like saving, term deposit, recurring deposit, a loan account or some similar relation.
* Bank Officier: An employee of the bank endowed with the legal capacity to agree to and sign documents on behalf of the institution. The title is usually held by branch managers, assistance managers, loan officiers, and other experienced personnel. Executives and others holding titles such as "Vice President" are considered officers of the bank for legal purposes.
* EVN Software: EVN is a Vietnam Electricity Corporation. EVN Software will sent Digital Receipt to Bank Customer to inform and track EVN's customer easier in terms of purchase.
* Bank Consortium: A Subidiary bank, which numerous other banks create. These banks might create a consortium bank to fund a specific project (such as providing affordable homeownership for low- and moderate-income home buyers) or to execute a specific deal (such as selling loans in the loan syndication market).
* Balances Inquires: A function to check for available funds on pre-paid credit card in a seperate transaction (not as part of a purchase transaction).
* Transaction History Inquires: Look up payment or receipt transactions originating in account (within a range of dates, amounts, or source currencies).
* Transfer Transaction (internal and interbank network): When performing an online bank transfer you must access your own account. Determine the amount you would like to send to the receipt. Input their information and authorize the transaction. The entire process is done online.
* Electric Receipt Payment: This is a kind of Digital Receipt, normally sent via e-mail or an app. Unlike paper receipts, e-receipts are used to reduce paper usage. The e-receipt are used to inform the customer of rebates and discounts.
* Online Saving: You put money in the bank. The bank lends you money out to other people and bussiness in form of personal and bussiness loans, charging the borrowers interest on what they owe untill they pay back the money.Meanwhile, the bank pays you interest for privilege of your money. However, we will seperate this action into sub-action more specifically:
  * Deposit to Saving Account: Sent the money that you don't intend to use for daily or regular expenses to Saving Account.
  * Withdraw from Saving Account: You receive the money with interest after a time interval, maybe a month or a year. 